By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Access to services may require you to register an account. This could require you to provide information about yourself such as name and email address. The account information and the use of data is subject to our Privacy Policy.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). You are responsible for complying with any law, rules, and regulations applicable to you.
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of our Terms can result in an immediate termination of your Services. We reserve the right to remove or restrict your account and to remove content such as websites and other user-created data at any time at our sole and absolute discretion.

We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks, and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.

Fair use defines our exceptions to the rights protected by copyright laws.
Fair use of our website includes using copyrighted material in research, news reporting, citations, or commentary.

We are not responsible if information made available on our sites is incomplete or invalid.
The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.


We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools "as is" and "as available" without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Service.
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
You are the owner of the content that you create with our services. The content is managed by you and you are responsible for its compliance. This includes copyright responsibility; you must agree that you only will create content that you own and/or have the right to use. We keep the right to change or delete user content at any time.
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us.
